" no ideas but in things "


nON SIGNÉ is a conceptual design studio exploring craft-based sustainability for textiles. 
Based in HCMC, Vietnam, nONSIGNE takes inspiration from the local context - the epicentre of a delta with a complex history, a place shaped by the flooding and coalescing of water, people, cultures, goods and ideas. 
Shunning puritanical sustainabiltiy dogma, nON SIGNÉ celebrates the hybrid, the poly, the blurring of lines - a narrative approach that draws together disparate threads with mindfulness and empathy. 

nON SIGNÉ offers workshops and courses around sustainable textile design that directly address issues unique to local fashion and textile making scenarios.
The courses offered by nON SIGNÉ will introduce and explore making strategies to empower local creatives to consider, in material form, alternative realities to that which drives normative fashion making and consumption. 

nON SIGNÉ offers made-to-order prototype drops, orchestrated around the following core principles:  
\*\ ALTERNATIVE SOURCING: textiles, thread, buttons, dye stuff, technical approaches and production means are sourced locally, preferencing what is already in existence - those materials which were produced within systems too fragile to account for their long term use. the latent potential of these materials is treated as a narrative tangent, an opportunity and are thus recontextualised. 
\*\ HYBRID 2D-3D DESIGN: the design process establishes fluidity and connection across conception and making phases in order to preserve craft values. 
decoration is conceived as functional, the functional in aestheticised and opened to construction & deconstruction.
\*\ SOURCING DRIVEN DROPS no spring-summer, resort, prefall etc but just "drops" scheduled around local production timelines and directly in response to the textiles sourced locally.
nON SIGNÉ’s made-to-order prototypes will provide a public face to it’s material research - providing tangible, tactile artefacts enabling people to consider the as-yet unimagined. 